I mean it's a purpose-built
a bike it's not one of these what is the
purpose well I'm not sure
you're fired up or let's fire him
[Music]
I'm driving everywhere people go nuts we
go yeah it's a crowd-pleaser
[Music]
everybody knows the tonight shows Jay
Leno don't want BC and most hardcore
motorcycle enthusiasts know Jay is also
one of America's biggest bike nuts who
large smiles in the saddle every year in
I'm a Harley guy myself
Jay invited our own Dennis gage to LA to
visit the garage and take a closer look
at a couple of pretty radical extremes
it's a 1918 the Pope's american-made
bike I keep hearing this rumor about a
jet motorcycle a jet-powered motorcycle
is that a real thing let me open the
door okay
the bike stay in the garage did the jet
bike stays in I think its own hangar no
these up you'd ride along and on the
bumpy roads of the day the fast you
won't you go back here and this would
take the pounding out of your shoulder
some assembly required huh there's my
favorite poster right there
Douglas that's in English I just like
hello ladies I mean look how brave you
have to be to ride a motorcycle wearing
a kilt and that's how you'd really find
out if they wear anything wrong and you
blow that off you're passing something
is blowing in your face
[Music]
you